---
title: "工業富聯(601138.SS) 股價、新聞、報價和記錄 - Yahoo 財經"
source_url: "https://hk.finance.yahoo.com/quote/601138.SS/"
published_date: "2026-04-17"
collected_date: "2026-04-17 21:00"
company: "工业富联"
type: news
---

# 工業富聯(601138.SS) 股價、新聞、報價和記錄 - Yahoo 財經

# 工業富聯 (601138.SS). * 每股盈利 (最近 12 個月)  1.78. Foxconn Industrial Internet Co., Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides smart manufacturing and industrial internet services in Mexico, Vietnam, Singapore, Mainland China, and internationally. The company offers communication and mobile network equipment products comprising 5G/4G modules, 5G terminals, 5G private network, and Wi-Fi equipment; cloud computing products consisting of high-performance servers, edge computing, advanced heat dissipation, and storage equipment; industrial internet services, such as lighthouse, manufacturing consulting, and cloud and platform services, as well as hardware and software integration products; and precision manufacturing automation solutions for the automation, robot, optical inspection, and MedTech industries. In addition, the company is involved in cloud computing, trading, management, IT, software development, Internet information, management and technical consulting, technology and hardware research and development, technical services, logistics, 5G laboratory, electronic manufacturing, financial planning, and investment consulting services. ### 最新新聞: 601138.SS. ### 表現總覽: 601138.SS. SSE Composite Index (000001.SS). ### 盈利趨勢: 601138.SS. ### 統計資料: 601138.SS. ### 比較: 601138.SS.

---
来源: https://hk.finance.yahoo.com/quote/601138.SS/
